everyone welcome back to another review
Wednesday today I'm talking about one of
my favorite spot treatments ever
actually it's my only spot treatment
this is the spot treatment that I use
for any time I have a little bit of a
blemish any time I have a spot that just
appears out of nowhere for instance last
night I had this gigantic blemish in
between my eyebrows and I by blemishes
are the worst to cover up so as soon as
I felt it on my skin I popped one of
these babies on these are literally the
best invention in the entire world like
it's one of those products you're just
like I'm really glad that you exist
because you're awesome i love love love
these these are dream dots dream dots
for spots it's basically a patch that
you pop on the top of blemishes and it
draws out the impurities without
damaging the skin all it does is draws
out the fat things and leave everything
else alone that's what I love about
these so much you get 24 catches in a
packet you can buy them on their website
which is like worldwide shipping i
believe is free or you can buy it in
your local chemist i get them in my
local place actually I made the mistake
of telling the girl how amazing these
are so that she and the rest of the
girls that work there always use them
always recommend them to people so
they're always sold out whenever I go
and get a packet so you get these little
packets like this and there's usually
six on each one and it's divided then
all the way through the middle so that
you can then just peel off half of it
pop it onto the skin press it down and
then peel the rest off now just make
sure that this is going to really stick
to your skin and you're not going to end
up with it on your pillow when you wake
up unlike a lot of other spot treatments
that I've tried that have drawn out not
just the impurities but also the
moisture ends up with this horrible dry
patch which is very difficult to cover
please don't do that these just keep a
really hydrated smooth surface and does
treat the blemish right down underneath
I don't just wear these at night
sometimes I wear them during the day
especially if I wake up and notice a
blemish and I know that I'm not going to
have anything left to do that day so I'm
going to go make-up free I'll pop one of
these on and most people don't even
notice that you're wearing them and it
actually covered up the Flemish quite
nicely instead of just using concealer
on that day I always have a supply of
these in my drawer because I would just
be completely lost without them
especially when I have events coming up
especially when I'm under a lot of
stress I have my book coming out soon
and I'm going to be super stressed I'm
gonna have so many events and when I
much makeup of my face I need to make
sure that I have these with me at all
times in order to treat my skin and to
keep it happy because otherwise it can
get quite angry at me there's nothing
else I can really say other than a
hundred percent these work there's no
comms there's only pros this is just a
rave review because there's nothing bad
i can say about them i'm gonna try and
see if i can get Eddie just kind of cold
for you guys I want to contact them
right now I'll put more information
where you guys can get them in the
information box I will see you guys on
Friday for a special video hi guys